It is is not there voice you went this
Pride in the personal computer eh
Use Hey when is this this is also I'm going to accumulated simple really relieved initially claimed in such combinations unstable
Nde or was the cause becomes
I have to write this, but how do you get this voice
I would say this way air duster
Ne parcel says this store for a moment
I think that it will take a lot, but the performance is quite expensive
Japan
sweet 500
I bought you
I put it back with 800 yen, but I use it more than half with desktop PC while doing
And or chat
And I care considerably in economy
So yeah
This time is it
I want to clean this computer using a handy blower as a new machine
I think
So it's a blower but this is it
Handy pro is just fan di pro
For 2750 yen with amazon
Let's give it a purchase
What's the case what's the case
Through Kurata Sano
Well I 'm the problem
February Well
First of all , so much in the body
It's cheap and I don't feel back home
or description
Somehow this is like a replacement part but is something tiny good convenience
As a way to communicate
I know where to use
Put on a crane
If this
I just spray
It looks like another use
I will have a nozzle
It is attached to the next few floors
Dust das and back
Eh by putting the last back
You can also use it as a suction cleaner
I think this is in fact that
Press in the wearing I think now the power to try a little Turn
Level rather than Tee
I'm doing at low speed
Let's hit Nde hear sold at Toka quite something park
hey
Great
It's like this with a tape
convergence
yeah
yeah yeah
A little more than midfoot in the sleeping room
Because the sound is intense , I will try to actually try it on a computer outside this
Let's do peace in practice
taa
wh
car
Is good
Let's try the midfoot
Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah
yeah
Then I try for a while too fast
tan
I wonder if it is 哀悼
Roughening pride of par
You could literally blow it off
It is this handy blogger, but it feels like I used it. The amount of wind is perfect.
Because the voice of a personal computer in real gained in Kofuton
I feel that something else is being cleaned up in the car
But
It looks like a tree
Blower makes a loud noise When a stranger who does not know hears something like this
It is said that I am not good even with a chain saw
Since it was a great sound a
I wonder whether the apartment of sound flower
I Atoyoru ordeal may not be used in a quiet residential area
I guess I can not use this for a while on a PC
Just Maa Yappari Air Duster
One house a year but I do not buy how many books
When it comes to use 2 years 3 years
Become an Anzai expense
This is 2,750 yen
Prohan Leklow Property
I think not a recovery you ne PC this
I want to always keep it clean
I think it would be nice to introduce more than a value Handy Blur